welcome to Astra wix.com
Vedic Astrology webcasts for ages the
human species has been evolving with
evolution we started learning about many
new things we came to know about the Sun
Moon and other such objects in the same
way everything related to planets
nakshatras and science came to be known
as astrology anything we learned about
the lines on our farms came to be known
as from history similarly whatever we
learnt about numbers was defined or
categorized under numerology in this
webcast we will talk about number one in
numerology this talk will be based on
English alphabets each alphabet in the
English language has been allocated a
number a J and s are associated with
number one number one is ruled by the
Sun due to the effects of this number
you will become courageous and brave you
will try to accomplish everything on
your own
moreover you are very energetic and
passionate about everything due to the
presence of Sun you may also be very
stubborn
every person has positive as well as
negative traits
however we will tell you about some
positive traits of people ruled by
number one your biggest advantage is
that you're able to stay calm even in
the most difficult situations moreover
you're also able to come out of such
situations Sun is considered to be a
king the same way do you like to isolate
yourself from others and consider
yourself a king
you never mingle with the crowd and make
your own pattern do you like being
independent and living your life freely
you are not afraid of anything or anyone
you make your own identity on the basis
of your work you get a lot of good
opportunities in life these
opportunities help you to earn respect
you have the skills to make the most out
of these opportunities do you like to
make your own path and guide yourself in
the right direction you never try to
copy anyone you are genuine and original
you always have independent thoughts
which rule your actions you live your
life on your terms you always plan
everything and try to work towards your
goals hence you always know what you
want in life you always do something
which involves intelligence you are
never involved with any sort of physical
activity you have good leadership
qualities due to this you will earn the
love respect and also power you take
quick decisions your supporters are
always ready for you to guide them and
you're always ready to tackle any kind
of situation you're always rewarded for
your efforts and hard work
you keep getting good opportunities
which help you to succeed in life you
can become a very good engineer
architect designer or planner you may
also become a society's president you
may be a writer musician teacher or the
head of a religious institution you may
also work in a museum library or a
departmental store
you will never like to work under
someone else's authority you will like
to be self-employed if you work for
yourself it will be much more beneficial
for you you will never get along with
your colleagues you are ambitious and
will work hard to make a name for
yourself
besides the positive trades number one
also has some negative qualities one
major flaw that people rule by number
1/2 is that they try to handle
everything on their own they never ask
for anyone's help this may be a waste of
time
you may be very stubborn and rude you
always try to keep proving a point you
never listen to other people's opinions
you may be aggressive and filled with
pride you may even be isolated from your
colleagues at work you are never popular
among people at work or home people may
even try to avoid you you don't get
along very well with your colleagues and
you always stick to your own point of
view you may commit some huge mistakes
because of your stubbornness and rushing
into decisions you don't tend to trust
other people so easily and this may
cause some problems for you you can be a
very good life partner you can easily
express yourself according to the
situation and circumstances you have a
jolly nature you always consider your
life partners feelings and stay in your
limits you get attracted to confident
and attractive people you never like
people who are lazy and have a lot of
expectations it may be a business
partner or even your life partner you
expect a lot of love and care from your
life partner
you also want him or her to be patient
and understanding you never like it if
someone accuses you of something you
also hate it if someone tries to hurt
you you don't like people who are
careless and have bad manners all these
may cause problems in your married life
you like to see something new in your
life partner
this keeps your bonding stronger thank
you for watching this webcast
Winsor disturb XCOM for more free
wedding astrology content you can also
check your financial prospects by
getting your early financial report